01_03_Understanding Model View Controllers
#Introduction

Working with Angular might be a little  different than what you're used to.  One of the popular ways of organizing modern Applications uses something called an MVC architecture. In order to  understand how  AngularJS works, we need to talk about MVC and how it relates to AngularJS.

## Models
The M in an MVC architecture stands for model, it's easier to think of it as data. You're probably used to working with data from a text file, a json document  or a MySQL database. However in AngularJS as well as in other MVC frameworks, the data is referred to as the model. 

## Views
In order to show your data, you use something called a View...that's the V in the MVC architecture. This is nothing more than a template. In AngularJS, you create views using regular HTML, plus curly braces where you want the data to appear on your page. The curly braces hold expressions that controls how your data appears on a page. If you've used something like Mustache.js or another tempting framework, this will be right up your alley.

## Controllers
The ability to add  functionality to your views is done through something called a controller...that's the C in the MVC architecture.  It's  really just the javascript that links your data to your templates...or put another way, that controls the interaction between your models and views.

## Modules
There's one more concept we need to talk about. If you're building small JavaScript applications, you might be used to creating a single JavaScript file for all of your code. Once your programs get very large, this file can be hard to work with.

Most modern applications use a concept called modules.

That means splitting your code so that separate JavaScript files care of a specific tasks. Together a series of modules will make up your entire application.

When you create Angular applications, you build a series of  modules that together make up the larger application. 

# Conclusion
One more thing...Technically Angular's way of creating applications is known as a MVW or Model View Whatever  architecture because it's a bit more flexible than an MVC structure, but the separation of concerns is pretty similar.  Trust me, working with this structure  is going to help make your applications easier to work with.